I'm reading a book on anti-gravity it's impossible to put down.
I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
I don't trust stairs they're always up to something.
Why don't scientists trust atoms? They make up everything.
I used to be a baker, but I couldn't make enough dough.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
I'm afraid of speed bumps but I'm slowly getting over it.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
I don't play soccer. I just like kicking it.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
I stayed up all night wondering where the sun went then it dawned on me.
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.
What do you call a can opener that doesn't work? A can't opener.
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
I used to be a tailor, but I didn't suit the job.
Why did the bicycle fall over? It was two tired.
I'm friends with all letters except U because you always come after T.
What do you call a sleeping dinosaur? A dino snore.
I invented a new word: plagiarism.
Why did the math book look so sad? It had too many problems.
What do you call a pig that does karate? A pork chop.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know why.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
I tried to catch fog yesterday. Mist.
What do you call a belt made of watches? A waist of time.
I dropped my PC on my cat. Now he's a laptop.
Why don't skeletons fight each other? They don't have the guts.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
I threw a ball for my dog. He brought back the whole universe. What a retriever.
Why did the cookie go to the hospital? He felt crummy.
What do you call a sad strawberry? A blueberry.
I wanted to be a procrastinator but I'll get around to it later.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
What do you call a factory that sells generally okay products? A satis factory.
I used to be a banker but I lost interest.
Why did the stadium get so hot? All the fans left.
Shot a fat nigga and I made him poop.
Robbed my little cousin cuz I found out he bisexual.
Shut your mouth before I fuck it.
Sold a 12 year old a weed edible.
Pushed a vegan down the stairs because meat is murder.
Told my grandma her cookies taste like her funeral.
Asked a priest for a refund on my baptism.
Gave a homeless man a lottery ticket that already lost.
Laughed at a kid with a stutter then helped him find his words.
Told my therapist she's the reason I need therapy.
Put laxatives in the church communion wine.
Told my ex I miss her then sent a picture of her new boyfriend.
Kicked a puppy then said sorry in Morse code with my foot.
Told a cancer patient at least the haircut is free.
Asked a dwarf if he ever feels down.
Burned a pride flag to stay warm.
Told a widow her husband's life insurance was my retirement plan.
Gave a blind kid a broken crayon and said draw me something.
Told a burn victim his face is fire.
Asked a nun if she's ever had a real orgasm.
Told a cop his gun makes him look short.
Put a "free candy" sign on a pedophile's van.
Told a fat girl she's not thick she's just a slow disaster.
Asked a guy in a wheelchair if he needs a hand.
Told my boss his wife called me daddy.
Gave my little brother a vape for his 10th birthday.
Told a depressed friend to just be happy.
Shot a man in a coma just to be sure.
Told a rape victim she should have enjoyed it.
Kissed my cousin at a family reunion for the plot.
Told a veteran his leg is probably in a better place.
Asked a lesbian if she's tried dick lately.
Told a kid with cancer his Make a Wish should be a coffin.
Gave my teacher an apple with a razor blade inside.
Told a nun her habit makes her look like a penguin with bad credit.
Asked a burn victim if he's feeling the heat.
Told a short guy he's the human equivalent of a step stool.
Put my grandma on a nursing home waitlist before she died.
Told a fat guy he's not big boned he's just big stupid.
Asked a deaf person if he hears voices too.
Told a homeless man to get a job then lit his cardboard on fire.
Gave a kid with no legs a pair of shoes for Christmas.
Told a blind date she looks like my uncle after chemo.
Asked a dwarf if he's ever been short changed.
Told a widow her grief is boring me.
Shot a school shooter then thanked him for the target practice.
Told a priest his robe makes him look like a satanic bedsheet.
Asked a fat woman if she's pregnant with a food baby.
Told a guy with one eye to watch his step.
Gave a kid with asthma a pack of cigarettes.
Told my dad his condom broke on purpose.
Asked a schizophrenic if his other personality is single.
Told a burn victim to stay out of the sun.
Put a "kick me" sign on a kid with polio.
Told a fat kid he's not big he's just aerodynamic for gravity.
Asked a lesbian if she's ever had a man finish the job.
Told a cancer patient to try essential oils.
Gave a homeless veteran a penny and a middle finger.
Told a nun her virginity is expired.
Asked a midget if he's tired of looking up to people.
Told a rape victim she's lucky it wasn't me.
Shot a dog then blamed the owner for walking it.
Told a depressed kid to smile more.
Asked a blind man if he sees the irony.
Told a fat girl she's not curvy she's just a circle.
Gave my teacher an apple with a needle inside.
Told a priest his altar boy is looking fresh.
Asked a dwarf if he's ever been to a midget tossing contest.
Told a burn victim his face is a meme.
Put a "free hugs" sign on a leper.
Told a cancer patient to hurry up so I can have his parking spot.
Asked a deaf person if he's ignoring me on purpose.
Told a fat guy he's the reason whales beach themselves.
Gave a kid with no arms a drum set.
Told a widow her tears taste like my next drink.
Real recognize real, but you look fake as hell.
You claim the block, but your block is a cul de sac.
Talkin' 'bout you got shooters. The only thing you shoot is a text.
You say you outside, but your location says "mom's basement".
You claim you're a kingpin but your plug is Amazon Prime.
You talk about drippin' but your chain came from a vending machine.
You claim you're a driller but you still ask your mom for permission to stay out late.
You say you're really from the hood but your address has an HOA.
You talk about spinning blocks but you get lost in a parking lot.
You claim you're a street pharmacist but you're selling Flintstones vitamins.
You say you're about that life but you're scared of fireworks.
You talk about your strap but you're holding a water gun.
You claim you're an OG but you were born in 2005.
You say you're a trap star but you're still using an allowance.
You talk about your gang but it's just you and your cat.
You claim you're a king but your crown came from Burger King.
You tryna be hard but your gang sign looks like you're ordering a pizza.
You claim the streets but you get nervous when the ice cream truck plays music.
You talk about trapping but your biggest sale was lemonade in 2012.
You say you're from the trenches but you flinch when a plastic bag blows by.
You got street cred from watching Power.
You claim you're a shooter but the only thing you're popping is bubble wrap.
You talk about your ops but your biggest enemy is your WiFi password.
Your existence is an argument for birth control.
You're the reason they invented the middle finger.
You're the reason they put instructions on shampoo bottles.
You couldn't pour water out of a boot if the instructions were on the heel.
You're not the stupidest person on the planet, but you better hope they don't die.
You have the IQ of a grilled cheese sandwich.
You're dumber than a box of rocks, and the rocks are smarter.
If stupidity was a sport, you'd be the MVP.
You're the human equivalent of a 404 error.
You have the mental capacity of a goldfish with amnesia.
You're so dumb you think Taco Bell is a Mexican phone company.
You'd struggle to pour water out of a boot with instructions on the heel.
You have the problem solving skills of a broken calculator.
You're about as sharp as a marble.
I'd explain it to you, but I don't have any crayons with me.
Your idea of a balanced diet is a chip in each hand.
If brains were dynamite, you wouldn't have enough to blow your nose.
You have two brain cells and they're both fighting for third place.
If personality were money, you'd be broke.
You're about as useful as a chocolate teapot.
You're like a software update. Every time I see you, I think "not now".
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
You have the charm of a wet paper bag.
You're not annoying, you're just naturally unlikable.
You're the human version of a typo.
You have the personality of a dial up modem.
You're as interesting as watching paint dry, but less colorful.
You have the charisma of a damp rag.
Your personality is so bland, you make mayonnaise look spicy.
You're the human equivalent of beige wallpaper.
You're as exciting as a tax form.
You have the social skills of a cactus.
You're like a human snooze button.
Your presence is as welcome as a fart in a spacesuit.
You're the reason some animals eat their young.
You look like what happens when you press "randomize" on a character creator.
I've seen better looking potatoes.
If ugliness was a crime, you'd get life without parole.
You look like a before picture.
Your face makes onions cry.
You look like a mistake, but someone made you twice.
When you were born, the doctor slapped your parents.
You're so ugly, when you look in the mirror, your reflection looks away.
You have the kind of face that makes people appreciate their own.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
You look like a Picasso painting that fell down the stairs.
Your face could scare a hungry bear away from a picnic.
You look like you were drawn by someone who's never seen a human.
If your face was a movie, it would be directed by M. Night Shamalan and still suck.
You look like a Walmart brand version of a person.
Your reflection probably asks for a different mirror.
You're so ugly you make blind kids cry.
Your face looks like it caught on fire and someone put it out with a fork.
You look like a mistake, but in 4K.
If you were a spice, you'd be flour."